feat(core): add `invalidateOnUnmount` and `invalidateOnClose` prop on `autoSave` feature (#4903)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/clever-elephants-decide.md

---
"@refinedev/react-hook-form": patch
---

feat: add `invalidateOnUnmount` prop to [`useForm`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/react-hook-form/useForm/) hook.
feat: add `invalidateOnUnmount` and `invalidateOnClose` prop to [`useModalForm`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/react-hook-form/useModalForm/) hook.

> From now, you can use the use this props to invalidate queries upon unmount or close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on, you can use these props to invalidate queries upon unmount and/or close.
```
